chore: add note about maximum socket length (#766)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloudsql-proxy: README.md

``` bash
# The proxy will mount a Unix domain socket at /cloudsql/<INSTANCE_CONNECTION_NAME>

> # Note: The directory specified by `-dir` must exist and the socket file path
> # (i.e., dir plus INSTANCE_CONNECTION_NAME) must be under 108 characters on
> # Linux (or sometimes even less depending on the platform).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Note: The directory specified by `-dir` must exist and the socket file path
# (i.e., dir plus INSTANCE_CONNECTION_NAME) must be under your platform's
# limit (typically 108 characters on many Unix systems, but varies by platform) 
```
